 This is Atomic Soul, where we connect with the visionary mind shaping the future of the tech industry. I'm your host Jepson Taylor and my mission is to fight for you, our listeners, as we chase the ideas that will help us stay ahead in a world of rapid innovation. We'll journey through the realms of tech, AI, and the human brain, discovering how to live a more satisfying life in the face of relentless progress. Let's forge a path into the future together. Sol, is that how you pronounce your name? It is. It is. And you're one of the first to get it right. I've heard Sal, Sul, Sol. Oh, yeah. Well, it's very fitting because the name of this podcast is Atomic Soul. I promise that's not why I tried to invite you onto this podcast. But I met you in Riyadh a couple of weeks ago at LEAP. Lots of people there. It was it was a crazy conference. And I think in a good way. But I would love for the listeners to understand what has your journey been to get to where you are now. And you're also chemie. Yeah. Also a chemical engineer. Yeah. I love that. So what is the Sol story? Oh, geez. I always envy individuals who had a plan and everything fell into place in according to that plan, because I'm like, it just sounds so much easier than the path I've had to go through. But there's this amazing diagram that I saw both on LinkedIn and on Instagram, Jeff, where it's like some people think the road to success is linear and it just goes up and forward. When in actuality, it's just a bunch of squiggles and you have a bunch of dips and peaks and valleys and all of the above. And that's kind of been my journey. I always say I was at the wrong place the wrong time. And I took the job no one wanted. And it was way back when I would say. Yeah, the late 90s, early 2000s, I actually didn't know what I wanted to do. I majored in chemistry, took all the chemical engineering courses. I sort of played water polo. I found out that I was a great athlete in high school, but barely mediocre at the collegiate level. And so I was training four to six hours a day and swimming. But I was always second string. And I had to talk with my coach and I'll never forget her, Mo. And she's just like, listen, you're good, but you're not good enough. And, you know, I love the way you show up every day, your enthusiasm, your energy. You're you're very, you know, passion full, if you will, and purpose led. But you're five, three and a half, five, four, you know, on your best day. And everyone else is like five, nine, five, ten. So she's like, you can continue to train with us, but you're just never going to be the first string. You're always going to be second string. As a sophomore year in college, I was like, OK, maybe professional sports isn't in my my trajectory. And then oddly enough, I randomly fell into rugby. Kathy Flores, rest in peace. She she found me on Bancroft Way. And she's like, have you ever tried rugby? I was like, what on earth is rugby? And they're like, football without pads. I'm like, why would women ever play football without pads? It's horrible. But turns out that I absolutely love the sport. I was built for the sport because I was five, three. I had a lower center of gravity. It was hard to tackle. And I had these amazing ball handling skills because what I learned in water polo, which is treading in water, I now had stable ground. And so it was a sport that I naturally picked up. And it was probably the first life lesson I ever had of knowing your shelf life. What was a deficiency and a weakness in water polo turned out to be a fantastic strength of mine in rugby. And so I've always carried that along with me as this weird trajectory of mine continued. Long story short, I love sports, turned into becoming a professional. I didn't know what I wanted to do, and I took a bunch of random jobs. And, you know, I got into the data and analytics and data science and digital and AI space completely accidentally. And after taking these odd jobs, the one pivot that happened was as there was this boutique agency that I was working for and I was a partner in charge of business development. And we were up against Accenture at the time. And we really wanted this deal in Southern California. But the problem was, is that the CIO, who we had a great relationship with, said, I'd love nothing more than to give you guys this business. You show up every day, you're present, you obviously know your stuff. But that's a risk on my end. You've got to give me something, anything that shows you guys are better fit than a larger organization like Accenture, which from our perspective would be, you know, risk free. So we said, OK. And what ended up happening was is the firm shipped me off to Texas for three months to become MDM, SAP certified. It was a very technical course. Not many people were certified back then. And turns out I passed the exam and I was one of 11 in the nation. So we come back. My boss, who was a CEO, comes back, who has a relationship with the CIO and says, All right, we have something. So it was not only in charge of business development, which you enjoy working with her, but she's now SAP certified and she's one of 11. And there's no one else in Accenture that has it. And we won the deal. So that kind of started the data journey. Now you say wrong place, wrong time. And I got voluntold to go get certified and pass. Otherwise, we were going to lose the deal. But I went from being an individual contributor because I I fell into that world and I oddly enough loved it to managing a small team, then a group, then the division, then creating practices and frameworks and hiring talent and being a mentor. And I got my first break at IBM Watson when Jay Bolasimo went over. And I really wanted to be a part of the Watson group. I thought I was doing amazing, amazing things. And it started two key industries and both in health care and in finance. What year is this? This was 2011 was when Watson beat Ken Jennings in Jeopardy. And that's when IBM said, OK, we're double downing and we're building a team and we're taking a Watson to market. And so I transferred over around 2012. So you've got this girl for all intents and purposes who played sports. One coach tells her, you know, she's great, but not good enough. The other coach is like, you're going to be a natural. Let's keep going. And then having to switch gears from sports to being a professional, but not knowing what I wanted to do and taking a bunch of jobs to them being shipped off into Texas to go get MDM certified with a ton of pressure because we were going to lose the deal if we didn't. To then joining IBM and starting as a person who knows a space. But I really didn't. I was learning on the job as well. Typical consulting, you'll learn what you earn. But my aptitude and my hustle and just my wanting this to know the space sort of built the trajectory. And so when IBM chose to take Watson to market, I was really fortunate that there was a leader that I had worked for in the SAP division who went over to Watson and he brought me with him. And that's kind of what changed everything. And then from there, it was a series of successes and failures and lessons learned because that space at the time was just not defined whatsoever. Well, ultimately, after about 70 years at IBM, I left to go join Ernst and Young and Royal Caribbean was my key, my key client. So I was living in New York City, traveling to Miami, helping them with their four year digital transformation roadmap and not digital transformation the way we define it in 2023. This was 2016. Like this was the first generation of digital transformation. So nothing on the cloud yet. Barely. We were still on massive server farms. Like, remember the world of the Teradata's? Well, that used to be cool. It used to be cool. Yes. Cloud operations wasn't cloud strategy. Those things weren't even languages told. And I remember 2015, 16 when I joined Royal as a full time employee. It was like the first gen of even developing data lakes. That was a new concept. We hadn't learned the do's and the don'ts of data lakes and the notion of it can easily become the data ocean. Everyone was just starting off and me and my leadership team at the time. We were one of the first teams to actually build it. And it was an amazing adventure. And again, I had another great leader. His name was Jay Schneider. I've had two great leaders, both named Jay, oddly enough. And I learned a lot from him about product development and being maniacally focused on the consumer experience and design and the way you present things fundamentally matters. So you take someone with my background that was mostly on data and analytics and engineering and data science, and then the lessons learned around AI deployments. And now I get to learn around product development, platform development, UI, UX design, graphic design. And that just completely shifted my mindset as well. So as my career trajectory moved on to Sony Music, then Mark Pharmaceuticals, Estee Lauder and so on and so forth. Every job has taught me what never to do again and what I'd love to continue to do. And here's where we are now. And with every job you have, mistakes are made, failures are realized and lessons are learned. I think that's something I celebrate later in my career. The seasoned realist, not the naive optimist. But at one time, at one point in our careers, you had to be the naive optimist. Absolutely. That's half the time how you make the mistakes. Yeah. So you realize doing the right thing isn't what's going to help you always be successful. And no one ever teaches you that. So doing the right thing for the company isn't necessarily what defines your success or how people perceive your success within an organization. And so you come in with the competency and a subject matter expertise. So you have the DQ, the digital quotient. You combine it with your IQ, but the EQ part you develop over time and you realize how complicated it is to navigate that. And those are the gotchas that no one can teach you. You have to experience it for good or for bad. Yeah. Well, and I was telling you that story. I didn't get the EQ side on the business. And I had that awkward interaction with my CEO saying, we know you're smart. That's why we hired you. And that it was a terrible thing. Like in the meeting, it was that I was helpless to know. I don't know what's going on. Yeah. Yeah, it's true. And even with now, like as I have leaders report into me, really brilliant individuals. Right. So I hire a VP of data sciences, and I've had to do that several times over. And it's a really smart group of individuals, and I can't do what they can do. But sometimes understanding the EQ in the situation or understanding the chess moves and why people are saying what they're saying. And they really don't mean it, but they're doing it for the following reasons. That is really hard to explain. And unless you've tripped over those mine, like those landmines, you wouldn't know that that's what's happening. And so I try and even with my leadership team, coach them as much as possible without telling them the answers. But half the time, you just have to go through it. And speaking of going through it, digital transformation comes with change management antibodies. So when you go into an organization, if you have a brilliant thing on the board with your team, maybe explain that how what advice would you give to new CDOs as they're going down this path? A new org, one that's behind, and they need to bring them into the future, but they're dealing with it. And they need to bring them into the future, but they're dealing with. What advice would you give them? Make sure you have a backbone and not a wishbone. I like that. The CEO gig is tough. Everyone and no one owns data. And so part of your job is relationship building. And you've got to get in with the business because they drive the P&L at the end of the day. The role of a CDO function, while we may contribute to the P, for the majority of it, we're a big fat L. We're a cost center. And so understanding what their strategic priorities are, understanding what they value, understanding the business language is probably the most important thing that no one also teaches you because they're like, OK, data is a mess. It's fragmented. It's it's disparate. Let's consolidate. Let's create the semantic layer. Let's enable data science as a service, analytics as a service. Let's. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's great. But I call that the back end defense. There's an offensive play and there's a defensive play. Doing all of that stuff are the fundamentals and that's defensive play. But what's going to gain and I don't want to use the word notoriety, but what's going to help the business pay attention and keep their focus and have you continue to be a seat at the table is when you play when you develop your offensive playbook. And that means you're sitting at the table with them and understanding what are their drivers? Is it top line growth? Is it increasing margins? Is it operational excellence and driving more efficiency so they can do more with less and better accuracy? Figure out their language. What's important to them and develop an offensive playbook that meets their needs while you're figuring out everything else on the back end. So for new CDO, I would say it's it's you know, you're going to have to wear your big boy pants and girls. Like, that's just part of it. It is an exercise in patience and resilience. You got to have a balance between an offensive playbook and a defensive playbook. And you must understand the business language and and if you want to have a seat at the table. Otherwise, you're always going to be referred to as a cost center and someone who's aren't they the technical people, aren't they the IT people? Yeah. And that's that's scary. One of the things I was thinking about when you're talking about the defensive play is I think sometimes as employees, we think all the activity we're doing matters. So if I'm working for you and I'm saying, look, I worked 100 hours a week over and over again, look at all the work I'm doing. But if you're not mapping it back to the business, no one cares how many hours you're working. So I think that that's a different mindset that comes as you kind of grow up to the ranks, I think. Very true. I know some phenomenal CDOs who actually don't build anything. And they're just great storytellers. And the business likes them because they're friendly and they're more functional than technical. But if you talk about what have they tangibly built, what value have they created, what new capability has been introduced that wasn't there before? The portfolio is in fact, but they get to know the business. They have relationships with the business. They they they play a translator role, if you will. And then I have CDOs who are extremely technical. CDO, CAOs, whatever the CXO title of the year is, who are very technical and understand the space very well. But that link between them and the business is void. And so even though they're building all the most amazing things, no one knows about it. Yeah. And that's more common. People building models that aren't consumed. And then the data scientists are first they're frustrated, which I understand now is more of a failure on their side, because I had that experience where. I'm working on these projects, I have these models, I think they're going to deliver a lot of value. And I was frustrated with management when I was working at Semiconductor that they weren't adopting these or allowing me to take the risk. And when you understand the full scope of priorities, I I also ran into another group where they had some significant acquisitions in AI space. And even after that, it wasn't the top 10 priority for the main execs. And so which I think is so fascinating. You bring up a really, really good point, because living in our world, it's the most important thing. And certain things are just so obvious and so clear. Why don't they get it? And that's what I'm saying. It's it's it's an exercise in patience for sure, because you're going to want to go faster. You're going to want to do things and you know that it's going to help the business. But that's not where their brain is at. That's not what they're thinking. They're like, OK, DNA is great. We know it's important, but they really don't know what it means for them. So we often hear that it's business led, data driven, tech enabled. Everyone knows that catchphrase, but how it actually translates day to day and how it shows up within the business when you're part of an organization is going to differ with every company, every group, every function. And so I think I'm glad that for those of us data geeks that were sitting in cubicles 15, 20 years ago where we're having our moment. And for those of us who've had an opportunity to pivot more into the AI world, because the fundamentals and the foundation is still the data. It's fantastic. But folks are still sorting through it. They don't know how it translates. If I'm a marketing exec and I'm a CMO and I just start picking up like the digital experience and digital marketing, that is a very different language than print and media and what I'm used to. So there has to be an evolution with the business executives and wanting to have an appetite and learning this. The capabilities that are around the corner or are already there or are already present. But the homework is required on their end and not too often our business executives wanting to expand the breadth, depth and span of their reach. They want to continue to rely on their experience, their intuition and the way an industry has always operated. And that's just not today's world. It's evolving. So we've got this weird amalgamation of we are the world today. They're not yet. And at some point in time, we're going to overlap. But depending on how fast the culture moves, they're either experiencing it now or CDOs are going to continue to get frustrated for the next few years while the business executives are catching up. That's interesting. And I feel like we are this inflection point where you can't ignore this digital transformation anymore or you can't ignore the AI disruption throughout a company. Yeah. I think we're like six years past digital transformation. Now it's AI disruption. Yeah. Well said. Which is fascinating because before everyone wanted a checkmark to say they're doing AI and that meant there's some data scientists and they built a model, but now people are looking at even if it's a linear regression model. Oh yeah. Yeah. It doesn't matter. The board asked for it. So there it is. And now people want very disruptive transfer transformation, every department. And I, one of the things I've started to think about, I'm curious what your take is on this is I think we're entering a new era where every employee should be able to scope an AI problem. Doesn't mean they, they don't need to know how to solve it. They just need to be able to raise their hand and say, I think my process or I think my workday activities should be reviewed for consideration. Those that I say would are enlightened. Absolutely. I think there's still folks in the journey to becoming enlightened. The funny thing about AI is, is it's a kitchen sink term right now. Everyone has their own interpretation. My, my running joke is when I always start a job, I always ask them, what do you think my job is or how do you define AI? How do you define governance? And if I asked 20 people, I mean, a hundred different answers. Everyone has their own interpretation. So I always like normalizing, like, how are we defining AI? Is it true artificial intelligence? Is it augmented intelligence? Is it automated intelligence? Because most organizations of a fairly grand size are automated or augmented at best, there's no real life use cases yet. If you will, for true artificial intelligence or working on it. But I think everyone's still trying to catch up with the automated and the augmented intelligence. And there's just so much low hanging fruit within that arena that things don't have to be as complicated of, Hey, I want to be able to apply 3d imaging to therapeutics, to pre-identified pre-cancer skills and oncology. Like that's a very, very specific use case. I think most organizations will even just benefit like tremendously from, we should be automating this workflow versus having six people manage Excel spreadsheets in email. Is that AI? To some people, absolutely. To others, definitely not. I think some of these debates about what's AI, what's not, it's funny, the different groups that are the most vocal about it. Sometimes it's the data scientists that get really frustrated that someone's didn't say machine learning or something else. But when I think of it, I like to think of it as saving wasted brain cycles. So if there's an RPA process, that's an increase in intelligence to just, to give those cycles back. Cause people before were doing three, four, five steps. My first job out of school in semiconductor, after the week long honeymoon phase being in the fab with the white bunny suit. Yeah. I realized that high school me could do my job and that was frustrating. Cause it's a bunch of reboots. It's a bunch of things where RPA can take all that over. 100%. And I know that there's some folks are scared about job security. I don't think we're there yet. I think the chasm to cross is if you leverage whatever aspect of AI that comes across in your brain or however way you're defining it is it's to create capacity, like you said, and bandwidth so that you can go on doing more value driven items and that you can actually apply critical thinking and common sense things that machines can't do. It's an exciting thing. Um, so it's not about job loss or any of that other stuff. It's giving you fundamentally time and capacity, brain power, brain cells back so that you can apply it towards more complicated things. The sad truth is I've learned across multiple organizations that there are people who don't want to do more complicated things or more enriching things. They are happy clocking in at nine 10 and checking out at four 50 doing the monotonous copy and paste and managing things in Excel and email. They don't want to do anything else. And that's the workforce that I worry about because that's the one that's repelling AI. I wonder, cause I ran into that workforce too. And my take at the time when I was running into them, they had maxed out on their engineering pay grade. They didn't know how to make the next big break and they, they didn't really want to do the work. And so learning something new, they, there was rarely any interest of. 100%. And that was a harsh reality. I remember one of my first roles as a CDO, I had inherited a team and you know, I really take the time to get to know what my team does. I know there's some executives that stay high in the sky and they just delegate and it's fine, go do what you're doing. But I'm really curious. Like I'm naturally just very curious. And I ask a lot of questions because I want to learn not only so I have an understanding of how long it takes you to do things. So I have empathy so that when I'm asking you, Hey, how long is it going to take? And you say two weeks. I'm not like, what can you do it in two days? Because I've taken the time to learn what you do and how long it takes. So I have respect. So when I ask him like, Hey, he's two, three weeks enough for a turnaround time. It's coming from a place of knowledge, not from a place of ignorance. So I love rolling up my sleeves, getting to know what each person does and how they contribute, et cetera. And depending on the size of the team, sometimes, you know, I can only go down to the director level. Sometimes I can go down to the manager level. It just depends on how big the team is. But I remembered I've identified an opportunity within the group and I was like, well, because of the economic situations, headcount is frozen. I can't bring on more headcount. Um, the talent base, I have to work with what I have, but we're still on the hook for creating these new capabilities. How do I use the existing workforce that I have and reallocate them in different areas so that we can move the agenda forward, knowing that I'm not getting any more headcount and I can't hire external talent. Well, when understanding the work, I learned that, okay, a lot of this stuff can be automated and a lot of this stuff could be outsourced. So all the commodity based repetitive work, the checks and balances, the audits, it's like that stuff could be outsourced to the offshore team. And then internal processes could be automated, giving them more time and capacity to take on the things that the business needed us to do, but we just didn't have the time or bandwidth to take care of. So I did a matching and I thought, okay, this is, this isn't brilliant or genius. This is what organizations have been doing a really long time. There was an appreciation by the executives of, Hey, you're the only one that's been able to crack this nut. Thank you. But I had tremendous resistance from the team. Tremendous. Cause I was disrupting what they knew was their life for the past 15 to 20 years. Yeah. And there was, um, I wasn't popular for a really long time. I was amongst the executives. I wasn't amongst the team because I fundamentally disrupted their lives and their way of working and their nine 30 to four 30 check-in and checkouts. And they were very comfortable in that arena. I like to think of processes as habits and habits need to be, they need to evolve. They need to change. Some habits are okay, but other habits are. It's they're detrimental to self discovery, self growth, the organizational growth and purpose. I think if you think about the most exciting moments in your career, they were moments you weren't qualified for, where you're overwhelmed and you need collaboration, need to learn. I'd love to, um, I'd love to lean more into more, some of the personal stuff. So how do you, how do you manage mental health? How do you think about self-worth? How do you, I don't know if this is something you relate to, but for me, it doesn't really matter what my accolades were years ago. It matters what they are now. And so how do you, how do you deal with that? Do you, do you ever have these dips? Do you ever have these down days where the highs and lows are passed in the sense that most people who know me, like I'm a pretty secure and confident individual and I thrive on change. I don't like routine. Um, I'm an adventurer. I'm an explorer. Like you can say, Hey, let's, let's go to Granada, Spain next week. And I'm like, okay. Like I don't worry about password. Like the logistics will happen. But I'm, I'm to, to quote my husband, like I'm the yes girl. Like, I'm like, sure, I'm down. Let's do it. Why not? Let's give it a go. So I'm not afraid of change. I thrive in it as a matter of fact, stagnation and complacency is what, what really hurts me because FOMO, my natural FOMO aside, there's so much to do in this world and so much to experience. And, and I want to be in the middle of it all. The challenge though, is, you know, when you look at my, I set that up by the way for context to just give you some foundation for the next comment. If you look at my resume, great accomplishments, great awards and everyone. And yes, I am confident and I do have an internal strength and I'm, I'm resilient and I hustle, those are my two key traits that I'm like, it's got me where I am. In retrospect, if someone were to look at it, they're like, wow, what a great life. And I would agree. But what you don't see are those micro moments where I've never had self doubt per se. I've never had imposter syndrome, but I've put my hands on my face and cried. And I'm like, I think I just made a mistake. I think this one's going to be a fatal one. Oh my God, what's going to happen? Am I going to get fired or so-and-so just said this? How could they when everything I've been doing is why, and they just claimed X or so-and-so is trying to sabotage everything we've been doing this past year. And they had the leverage and the power to do so. Why is there so much hatred in that person? I don't understand. Or so-and-so has an agenda. And every time I'm in a meeting with them, I can, I can see the passive aggressiveness, but the passive resistance behind the scenes is what I know because it comes back to me. And I always have to just regroup. And this is why I said you need a backbone and not a wishbone because every single day you're reminded that you're not on a mountain. You're not on a cloud nine. Either someone's trying to take you down or the agenda that you've outlined or the roadmap that you've outlined, someone's not aligned to it or someone's whispering. You know, there's just some naysayers and non-believers and it makes you hesitate with the clear direction that you have in mind. So I'm constantly battling with keeping myself in check and making sure that I'm grateful regardless of what the outcome is because I'm very outcome obsessed. And so if the outcome is not exactly the way I see it or envision it, I obsess maniacally over it and I'm like, what could I have done better? How did I screw up? What should I have seen that I didn't see? Which relationships or allies that I need to build that I didn't build? Um, I should have probably toned it down here or so-and-so needed me to be more energetic here. I'm constantly overanalyzing. So I am in my head a lot and to quote, you know, Tiger Woods, the best thing I can do is just get out of my own way, but it's really, really hard to do. I'm constantly thinking the chatter box upstairs did not turn off. And I think about that chatter box upstairs because I think it's something I like to think of us as leveling up on versions throughout life. So I'm on Ben version 15 or eventually I'll be Ben version 20. And hopefully that future version won't waste as much time in my head about things because you're always going to have someone that upsets you. You're going to have always have someone that says something and maybe there is some constructive criticism that you should process. But if you're spinning on it for the rest of the day, I think that's a huge waste because of what else you could be doing. Yeah. And how much time do you put into reflecting and understanding? But that can easily go into analysis paralysis. Like what's that balance? So going back to your original question around mindfulness and being tempered and essentially finding your own harmony and balance. So as life is throwing things at you and it could be kids, it could be your spouse and partner, it could be work, it could be your boss, it could be your peers. It could be the people reporting into you. There's a lot of responsibility and weight that sits on your shoulders. How do you ground yourself? And I think for me, even though this chatterbox is constantly on, I have been able to carve out two hours for myself every morning. I wake up at 4 45 or 5 a.m. The house is quiet. My only responsibility is to make myself a cup of tea, feed the cat. And all I do is sit and I just read. I study on just a variety of subjects. I do Sudoku puzzles. It's like, it's just it's my harmony before the chaos begins. And I can handle the chaos a lot better. But again, the oh, I want to work out more because I'm aging. It's harder to stay in shape. OK, but I want to stay mentally fit. So I need to read more. I got to dedicate two hours. But wait, I've got to create three decks for the board of directors and my boss and for my team. Oh, wait, but we're having back to back meetings. I'm in 10 hours of Zoom doom. Oh, but wait a minute. I've also got to schedule our family vacations. Spring break is coming up. Summer camp is right around the corner. My mom asked me to do three things. And in all of that, it's like, oh, I need to find time for my poor husband. It was like third or fourth or fifth and priority. You're just always behind. But those two hours in the morning, I don't feel like I'm in behind. I ring fence it. And then the rest of the chaos of the day begins. I love that. And I think I think for some of these actions and priorities, I think sometimes they can be done much more effectively and quickly than we think they can be. Um, it's and I think that's something that people definitely deal with at the executive level. They're completely overwhelmed by their juggling so many balls. Many of them are falling on the floor. And sometimes there's the mindset that the balls of the matter will get back up on the table. Yeah. And I learned one really odd thing in this process, or maybe two. I could not keep up with email. Oh, I hate, I hate email. And amongst all of this, I could not keep up with email. And oddly enough, I'd even have some of my teammates who report like, Oh, I sent you an email. Did you see it? I'm like, I get on average about 500 emails a day. I probably didn't. Oh my gosh. So I'll always set. And these are some like weird tricks that I've also learned to help with that efficiency. I'll set up rules. So if it's coming from my boss or any of the key executives, they are always at the top of my inbox. That helps a ton. The second is, as I've learned, I don't need to reply to every single email. That was an insecurity that I had earlier on in my career where I'm like, well, I want them to know I read it. So I must reply, Hey, thanks. Just confirming receipt. That takes time. Now I've learned I don't need to reply to every single email. And I think the third biggest thing is, is not every problem needs my attention. I have learned that even if I don't do anything for a day or two or three, oddly enough, it solves itself and my own leaders figure it out. So it's an indirect way of empowering them to figure it out. But it's also, I've had to create the discipline that I don't need to be in the middle of everything. Um, that's helped balance some of the things, but everything that I just outlined from husband to mother to camp, like the, the work index and, and working out more and finding self care time and all that other stuff, it's all a shit show. You're still trying to balance it all. So my goal is I always say that not everything's going to get equal priority. Priorities are going to shift, but if I'm equally disappointing everything and everyone at a slightly small level, I'm doing okay. And to add onto that, that mountain of chaos, then you have external vendors that I'm sure are emailing you trying to get 15, 20, 30 minutes of your time. And I had that happen at Riyadh. I walked off the stage and there was a booth that was jumping on speakers asking if you can meet with their CTO next week for 15 minutes. And they didn't. Yeah. So it's speed dating, but like it's, it's with the vendors. You could be out drinking every single night and dinners and it's a lot. So how do you say no, thank you because you've got to respect your own time, but you still need to build relationships. You still need to understand who's what you still need to learn what they're offering because at some point in time, it may come around the corner. It may be more relevant for you, but it's not now. So how do you even stay professionally on top of your game and understanding the players in the market space while you're managing this chaos at the same time? Well, I imagine with some of that stuff, you can write it down to your team, right? Your team can have these meetings and determine if, if there's a, because there's always going to be a new tech stack and there's going to be a disruptive tech stack that's replacing a current one. And so knowing what's coming, um, a lot of times, so how do you, how do you manage that? How would you discover a snowflake or data bricks early on? Would it be through your peers in the network? That's the hard part. Um, I like your idea of delegating it to my leadership team. I've had hit and misses with, with that ability. I think I've got some great leaders whose strength are just delivery excellence. Here's what's in front of me. Here's what I'm going to deliver on, but connecting the dots with an outer peripheral of here's where we're going to be in two to three years. I may not have a need right now, but I'm going to have a need two to three years from now. So I need to set the stage up because there's going to be change management. There's going to be organizational awareness and education. Oh, I'm going to have to upskill teammates that connection. Sometimes some of my leaders can't do. And I think that's part of our gift is it may not be an obvious need today, but in four months, six months, one year, two months, I can recall and immediately connect the dots and pull them into the conversation. Um, so I've had some great leaders who can connect the dots and I've had those that just don't, they think about today. They don't think about tomorrow or what's around the corner. So that one becomes a really, really hard one for sure. You know, we talk about snowflakes, the data bricks, the DBTs, the five trans of the world, et cetera. I am really lucky now that I have tremendous respect for my peer group and I've got a solid peer group, like the CDOs, CAOs, CDAOs. I don't know if it's misery loves company or we are just empathetic with the other person is going through, but we will grab a drink in New York city and, you know, which everything just comes out. It's like a venting therapy session, if you will. Oh, that's how we learn like to being vulnerable and saying, these are the cards I have on the table that I don't like. And absolutely. And I know things aren't perfect or it's how I learned from them that, Hey, we're thinking about this. Have you guys deployed this? And they'll give me the real real. They won't give me the marketing version of it. They won't give me the tagline version of it. They're like, we did, we had some issues, but half of it was our fault. Half of it's the vendor's fault. They made a recommendation they shouldn't have made. Um, it really comes down to the people. It has nothing to do with the technology. Make sure you have this team that's on stage. Like we talk a lot amongst our groups. So for any vendors that are listening out there, um, make sure you treat every opportunity as if it's the opportunity, because we do have a habit of talking with each other and understanding if I'm going to take a risk or take a chance. Who can I take a risk and a chance with? Are they going to be there when I need them? Or are they going to turn their backs and desert us? Because at some point in time, something's going to go haywire and you have to fix it. Yeah. It's interesting just because I shared with you, I haven't written any code for a couple of years. It's just traveling around the world, meeting with execs, which I really like because I find all of them interesting, uh, through their own lens. I am curious, what, what do you think it is that drives you? Like, and maybe that's something that's really hard to unpack. Maybe it's some inner child. Some wooly child. Yeah. Yeah. I like, I feel like for me, it's always chasing the line. I can never get across. Like that's probably the story of my life. Even though people would say like, well, you obviously got across some lines, but it still feels like the line gets redrawn though. Yeah. It feels like it's a never ending race and I'm never over the line. Oh, I admire people who are very content with whatever they have. Cause like, as soon as we cross a chasm or as soon as we can say, check, we've done something or as soon as we have an accomplishment, it's like, okay, that was great. Okay. What's next? Um, I think individuals are just born this way, to be honest with you. I've met some great individuals and we all say that we came out of the womb in gear six. Like I came out of the womb. I would say gear four per se. I didn't have the confidence earlier on as a childhood in my earlier years. I just didn't have the confidence. I was the chubby, ugly duckling from the middle Eastern family that migrated from Iran to America. I developed quicker than the other girls. I had arm hairs faster than the other girls. I was a really awkward looking child for a really long time. And I grew up in Orange County in California where everyone was blonde hair, blue eyed, size zero. And I was like a size six in elementary school for crying out loud. Like I just looked different and I got made fun of and I didn't grow into myself until my mid thirties. But oddly enough, I always applied. I just had the discipline and I would, I couldn't make up for it with natural smarts and charisma. So I just studied a lot and I wasn't a natural test taker. So I just studied even more. I just kind of wanted to find the one thing I was good at. And then I realized that there isn't one thing that I was good at, but I just had discipline and rigor and I was able to do a lot of things. Am I okay? And then I got my first big break and then I got my second big break and I loved that feeling. And then I realized that, oh, wait a minute at Berkeley, when I was studying chemistry and you had problem sets, I was struggling with each and every single one of them. I by no means was the smartest person, but I, but I did recognize one thing. I knew who the smart kids were and the smart kids never wanted to do the work. So what I did was I found who the smart kids were and I said, if you do problems, that's A, B and C, I will get you D, E and F. And if you combine A, B, C, D, E and F, it's 10 hours worth of work and they didn't want to do 10 hours worth of work. They wanted to do half an hour's worth of work. And that's what I did. I was resourceful. I wasn't smart. I figured out that people who were the smartest and didn't want to do the work and I brought them together and I cross shared their, their knowledge with each other. And then they built a network amongst themselves. And I was always the ringleader. If they wanted to do anything, they're like, bring soul, like she'll figure it out for us because you don't want to put the time or effort. And that's what I became. I was a problem solver. And then I realized that's what I'm good at. I can fix problems. I may not be able to do it myself, but I will find who can. And so every problem has a solution now for me. And I'm not overwhelmed by that. With that knowledge came confidence and a few big few breaks here or there. And now I would say that I'm, I'm settled in who I am and what I can accomplish. But that line to your point continues to move further and further and further. So I think there's those of us who are born with it and we have it. Some of it's uncovered later in your later years. After you have the confidence, some of it's uncovered right from the very get go. But I love, love that feeling of achievement. And I love that feeling of seeing others with that aha moment. I'm just moving the goal line and going and going, going. There's just so much to do and I have a craving to do it all. Yeah. It's so fun to interact with other people like yourself, where you can kind of laugh about some things, cry about other things, and try to solve new things. Problems worth solving. Yes. Yes. And yes. Well, so such a pleasure. Thank you so much. Um, and I think that's a wrap. Thank you. This was amazing then. Yeah. Thank you. All right. I want to make it clear that this podcast is independent. It is sponsored by Excerne and Intellibus and any opinions or statements made on this podcast are my own and do not represent the views of our sponsors or my employer. However, it is important to note that the sponsors have provided financial support for this podcast. We appreciate their support and we hope you will check them out. Thank you. This is not a podcast. This is a soul cast. This podcast is going to burn a hundred thousand dollars just on travel this year to interview the top minds around the world, people with ideas worth listening to. If this episode has made a difference, please show your support by subscribing, sharing, and leaving a five-star review. Your support means the world to us. It allows us to continue our journey to inspire and transform lives. Catch you on the next episode.